README.md, before:

# [Libre/Open Social Bloging System](http://SpaHost.github.com/libresocialblog)
=================================

Libre Social Blog is a new blog system what's be smaller, faster and coolest than others.

[Live demo](http://www.accesoroot.es/)

What you can do
---------------

Clone the repo -> `git clone git@github.com:SpaHost/libresocialblog.git`

Pull requests with your ideas or fixing a bug, all code are wellcome!


Bug tracker
-----------

Have a bug? Please create an issue here on GitHub that conforms with [necolas's guidelines](https://github.com/necolas/issue-guidelines).

https://github.com/SpaHost/libresocialblog/issues


Uses
----

Jquery 1.8.3 http://jquery.com/

Twitter's Bootstrap 3.0.0 http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/

Wysihtml5 for Bootstrap http://jhollingworth.github.com/bootstrap-wysihtml5/

ezSQL for MySQL from Justin Vincent https://github.com/jv2222/ezSQL

Copyright
---------

Copyright (C) 2013  Lorenzo J. Gonzalez

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Upload necessary content to run
Uploaded .htaccess, updated README with username/password by default and
uploaded sql database

README.md, after:

# [Libre/Open Social Bloging System](http://SpaHost.github.com/libresocialblog)
=================================

Libre Social Blog is a new blog system what's be smaller, faster and coolest than others.

[Live demo](http://www.accesoroot.es/)

What you can do
---------------

Clone the repo -> `git clone git@github.com:SpaHost/libresocialblog.git`

Pull requests with your ideas or fixing a bug, all code are wellcome!


Bug tracker
-----------

Have a bug? Please create an issue here on GitHub that conforms with [necolas's guidelines](https://github.com/necolas/issue-guidelines).

https://github.com/SpaHost/libresocialblog/issues


How To?
-------

Setup your database config in config.php

Upload sql.sql database

Go to : http://www.yourwebsite.com/lb-admin/

User: admin  Password: admin


Uses
----

Jquery 1.8.3 http://jquery.com/

Twitter's Bootstrap 3.0.0 http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/

Wysihtml5 for Bootstrap http://jhollingworth.github.com/bootstrap-wysihtml5/

ezSQL for MySQL from Justin Vincent https://github.com/jv2222/ezSQL

Copyright
---------

Copyright (C) 2013  Lorenzo J. Gonzalez

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
